---
title: "Concepts & probably some art"
subtitle: ""
book: "Stars Stand Still"
permalink: /:categories/:title
layout: default
back: "https://arialhamed.github.io/blogs/novel"
categories: novel stars-stand-still
---

Alright time to shit this out. At least ~6 years of playing Starbound and ~4 years of Frackin Universe, has led me to this.. fanfiction, my OC diarrhea that i birthed from my mind vagina. The start of the story can be found [here](https://arialhamed.github.io/novel/stars-stand-still/001-dawn-of-the-nine)

DISCLAIMER: Literally just spoilers

### Concepts
- Characters listed here are when the story starts
- Races
    - **Fabricants**
        - Origin
            - _An android species_. The Fabricants reated by an unknown ancestor race that existed before humans, meant to predict the future, yet the creators end up destroying themselves due to internal conflict, leading the Fabricants to fend for themselves across the planets set as their creator's sandboxes. Soon, many civilizations either adopt the Fabricants or enslave them due to their adhering & programmable nature. A few Fabricants remain in space, usually hostile. Proficient in flail & blunt weapons.
            - Inspired from The Glitch race from Starbound and Facsimile, Fabricant & Apostles from Clockwork City from TES
        - Resistances: Oxygen-deficit, Poison, Pressure, Radioactive, Flame
        - Weaknesses: Electric, Frost
        - Characters:
            - **_Calibri_**, aka **_Kali_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
            - **_Geneva_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
            - **Sir Tahoma** (deceased): A Fabricant combat unit who broke from the confines of his sandbox and was honorably known in liberated Fabricants for sacrificing their life to fend off the Atrophus from his home planet.
            - **Lato** (story): The last sane Fabricant from Sleipnotr V who <span onclick="this.innerHTML = 'gives the crew a Matrix of Ascension after telling them the tale of Sir Tahoma. She then dies, which triggers the planet to self-destruct'"><em>&lt;spoilers&gt;</em></span>
            - **Nimbus** (story): A self-proclaimed warlock hellbent on gaining power (actually weak, crew always beats them up with ease)
            - **Monaco** (story): Geneva's father
            - **Hamed** (deceased): A famed musician
    - **Human**
        - Origin:
            - _Homo sapiens_. An intelligent species hailing from Earth, a planet that was the first target of Atrophus. Critically endangered. Few factions exist in Civil Space Colonies scattered around the universe, pledged to procreate in hopes of being a major race again. 
        - Resistances: None
        - Weaknesses: None
        - Characters
            - **Varsha** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
            - **Aljunied** (alive): A miner
            - **Helvetica** & **Roman** (unknown): Adoptive parents of Kali, biological parents of Darien
            - **Darien** (unknown): Adoptive older brother of Kali, eldest son of Helvetica & Roman
            - **Cai** (deceased): The last survivor of Earth, the Champion of Creation, the one who defeated Atrophus
            - **Celeste** (alive): A mountain climber found on Grazyeli
    - **Lophiiformi**
        - Origin
            - _A anglerfish humanoid species that can swim in liquid & gas_. A few million years ago, multiple oceanic & gaseuos planets appeared through a wormhole, into a system of an _unusual star_. After some time, The Lophiiformi was born and then soon found a wormhole to the Solar System after the events of Atrophus. Proficient in claw weaponry
            - Inspired from The Zora from LOZ
        - Resistances: Frost, Pressure
        - Weaknesses: Radioactive, Flame
        - Characters:
            - **_Zorinnethinan_**, aka **_Rin_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
            - CC Starcaller **Varia** (alive): Kali's mentor
            - **Bahnan** (deceased): Grandfather of Rin (cutscene character)
            - **Varanae** (unknown): Rin's partner
    - **Ko'scoria**
        - Origin
            - _A non-newtonian species made out of magma, rock & metal_. A hive-mind of solar beings made out of hydrogen, lives in peace in stars. Millions of individual intelligent beings are released from the star when it dies in high temperature gaseuous state, but only a few hundred survives by colliding with asteroids and few planets that aren't dissolved to gain a solid form, hence becoming the magma-kind, the Ko'scoria. These survivors are often found to be confused & not knowing what just happened to them, but they are quick to adapt to any civilization that takes them if they are ever found. Proficient in launcher-type guns
            - Inspired from 
        - Resistances: Flame, Earth, Radioactive, Electric
        - Weaknesses: Frost (but can swim in water)
        - Characters:
            - **_Salkynei_**, aka **_Sal_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
            - **Cotopaxi** (alive): Val's father, who works hard to support him & his daughter as survivors from Methusaleh's expiration
            - **Tambora** (alive): <span onclick="this.innerHTML='Val\'s lover who then turns into a villain due to The Celestial Corruption'"><em>&lt;spoilers&gt;</em></span>
            - **Toa** (deceased): Ko'scorian legend
            - **Etna & Loa** (story): [Villains](#main-characters)
    - **D'meteri**
        - Origin
            - _A plant-based humanoid species_. Humanoids & mutants made out of plants, originating from the Dendritic System. A common religion is formed around their deity, Plantera. Multiple monarchies of D'meteri has been form in many planets, and adapt to their star's type.
            - Inspired from medieval times
        - Resistances: Water, 
        - Characters:
            - **_Kristeria_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
            - **_Dionscipula_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
            - **Alspruce** (alive): A knight from 
            - **Momil** (alive): A plant-cat, like a pet
    - **Vizardians**
        - Origin
            - _Intelligent serpents_. Hailing from the large twin planets Nozardia & Suzardia, the Vizardians escaped the Atrophus' wrath by divine intervention from their patron deity, Gloria. The Vizardians have had multiple wars between the planets, hence all Vizardians are well trained & armed for any military conflict. 
            - Inspiration from Dark Elfs from TES
        - Resistances: Frost
        - Weaknesses: Crystal
        - Characters:
            - **_Hloran_** (alive): A [Main character](#main-characters)
            - **Garvyn** (deceased): A scientist where the crew would find some journal entries about <span onclick="this.innerHTML='their involvement with accidentally creating The Celestial Corruption'"><em>&lt;spoilers&gt;</em></span>
    - **Rahmantisi**
        - Origin
            - _A humanoid race that uses their hard exterior shell to literally survive with no planet_. Vaguely resembling a more vertical praying mantis, a Rahmantisi is covered with thick, tough & flexible exoskeleton, resistant to the tough forces in zero-G space. They are also able to survive without oxygen.
            - Inspiration from samurai, japanese, weeb shit
        - Resistances: Water, Oxygen-deficit, Frost, Flame, Pressure
        - Weakenesses: Poison
        - Characters:
            - **_Tenohira_**
            - **Deodoru**
            - **Maichan**
            - **Boshiake**
            - **Miraikan**

        <!-- - Origin
            - The direct opposite of Rendraiths, some people believe the Miraikan are angels. Similar in appearance to humans but blessed by the Mother. The Miraikan completely avoided the events of Atrophus and are mostly reclusive. It is rumored that those who leave the Miraikan's home planet peacefully becomes a human with hidden mutations, and those who betray their society of Miraikan are transported through a wormhole then becomes a black hole.
        - Characters:
            - **Moriah**: The crew's first Miraikan they will meet when trying to access their city for a Core. -->

- Planets
    - Earth: No longer exists, fragments of it are preserved in museums within the Solar System (the Sun is still alive)
    - Tau Ceti: Same fate as Earth
    - Procyon Colony Station: Where the main characters were from.
    - Arcadia: A planet 4x larger than Earth, but untouched by human industrialization 
    - Krossil: A swamp planet, highly poisonous
    - Mannofrost: frozen planet with frozen clouds. The crew comes here to find some hermit for help regarding the element of frost.
    - Quark Research Institute
    - Aninharle Moon: The origin of the Celestial Blight
    - Sleipnotr V: A completely cybernetic & metal planet, a great place for resources but highly deadly. Many corpses & skeletons converted to metal, most in states of pain & distress. Essential to the crew as it contains 
    
### Main characters:
- The Crew 
    - Here, the ones with the stars represent the main crew. The 9 of each of them represents different divine powers they will have towards the end: Electric, Radioactive, Flame, Frost, Fauna, Cosmic, Blood, Poison, Crystal
    - ☆ Calibri (she/her)
        - 21yo Fabricant Knight
        - Personality: Calm on the outside, always ruminating in the inside, usually positive but also analytical, sensitive to sound. Loves to eat human food due to her upbringing, though Fabricant food gives her better nutrients.  
        - Power: Physical, Electric (reborn)
        - Facts:
            - Varia's mentee, and learned hand-to-hand combat from her
            - Majored in Technology, Minored in Fabricant surgery & theoretical physics
            - Adopted by humans
            - <span onclick="this.innerHTML='Calibri is actually a human with a Fabricant body, and Helvetica & Roman are actually her biological human parents. She does not remember this at all and believes all her life that she was adopted as a Fabricant. She was killed by cult members of Fauxamo as a child, but the spirit of Tahoma intervened and was able to save her soul & placed it into her eyes, which are now the only biological part of her. He gives the eyes the body that he has. <br><br>She finds this out way later into the story when Tahoma talks to her and obviously goes through an arc about it, involving feelings of anxiety, suicide, self-harm, regret and more. Don\'t worry, in the end, she finds herself in Tahoma\'s form of pure power to fight the Ark of Corruption'"><b>Click here for major spoilers</b></span>
    - ☆ Kristeria (she/they)
        - 20yo D'meteri Artificer
        - Personality: 
        - Power: Poison, Flame (reborn)
        - Facts:
            - Never 
    - ☆ Rin (he/him)
        - 31yo Lophiiformi Sorcerer
        - Personality: A grizzled man of magic who would rather do missions & research alone in the Cosmic Corps
        - Power: Frost, Radioactive (reborn)
    - ☆ Salkynei (she/they)
        - 241yo Ko'scoria Druid
        - Personality: Bright (in the head & literally), while also a curious soul. Usually gullible. Cares for their father a lot
        - Power: Flame & physical, Frost (reborn)
        - Facts:
            - Birthed from Methuselah Star after 
    - ☆ Hloran (he/him)
        - 50yo Vizardian Archer
        - Personality: Very frugal, surprisingly good at carpentry, hates the cold.
        - Power: Physical & cosmic, Crystal (reborn)
    - ☆ Dionscipula (he/him)
        - 20yo D'meteri Necromancer
        - Personality: Emo and unemotional on the outside, has a huge amount of empathy and always finds ways to secretly give his appreciation and care to his loved ones. Doesn't like it when people mistake him and Kris as related. Not fond of animals
        - Power: Physical & poison, Fauna (reborn)
        - Facts:
            - Same school as Kali
    - ☆ Varsha (she/her)
        - 3020yo Human Vampire
        - Personality: silly
        - A vampire who was a fugitive before the events of Atrophus. Always lived in abandoned places with ease. After Atrophus, she got a starship license and got into legal mercenery work
        - Power: Vampire magic & restoration, Cosmic (reborn)
    - ☆ Geneva (they/them)
        - 35yo Fabricant Bard
        - Personality: Loves planting & painting, very good with finances
        - Power: Restoration, music & Fauna, Blood magic (reborn)
        - Facts:
            - Abducted by the Fauxamo Cult at 30yo. They were able to convince them that they're just a fake Fabricant and was not scanned for any Divine Cores
            - 
    - ☆ Tenohira (he/him)
        - 12yo Rahmantisi Monk
        - Power: Physical, Poison (reborn)
        - 
    - Varia (she/her)
        - 45yo Lophiiformi Monk
        - Personality: Cares for her subordinates before herself, loves to make handwritten letters, great sportsmanship, survived multiple attempts at her life
        - Attained second highest rank in the Cosmic Corps and was about to reach Grand Starcaller before the events of The Dark Hunger
    - Hatinox (it/its)
        - 100yo Human
        - 
- Villains
    - a

### Villains
- Atrophus (dead)
    - Literally just The Ruin from Starbound but I don't want to risk copyright lmao
    - After it's destruction, a celestial law was quickly established and broadcasted to eradicate any remaining form of The Atrophus. Anyone that is caught withholding any part of The Atrophus, even if it is just one cell, dead or alive, will be punished 
- The Celestial Corruption
    - A space-borne virus that causes madness, cancer, replacement of the mind, and the only cure is cutting off the infected area if it has not entered the bloodstream (at that point you're basically done for). It originates from a laboratory hidden in a frozen moon, with power-hungy, unethical scientists conducting experiments on live specimens of The Atrophus (so it's very illegal)
- Apocalypso
    - A clone of an ancient hero dragon from Tau Ceti
- 

### Factions
- Cosmic Corps
    - 
    - Ranks
        - Associate
        - Technician
        - Enforcer
        - Sergeant
        - Lieutenant
        - Vice Regent
        - Regent
        - Executive Regent
        - Protector
        - Exalted Protector
        - Starcaller
        - Grand Starcaller
- Cosmic Corps Academy
    - The Cosmic Corps' school to directly recruit 
- Fauxamo, Cult of Corruption
    - A cult that originated from Aninharle Moon, driven to madness due to their exposure to a manufactured virus meant to destroy hunger. In the end it made them even hungrier, especially for power. 
    - Ranks
        - Hireling
        - Thrall
        - Muscle Thrall
        - Magister
        - Defiler
        - Starkiller
        - Oracle
        - Scion of Corruption
    - <span onclick="this.innerHTML='It was originally ordered by the former Grand Starcaller in an attempt to destroy vices in all sentient creatures, a way of controlling over the races.'"><em>Spoilers</em></span>

### Artefacts
- Matrix of Ascension
    - A relic long forgotten, the secret power behind the Cai's ability to destroy the Atrophus. Before Cai's death, Cai has split the relic into 9 different pieces, and went across Creation hiding those in multiple different planets, commissioning the different races to hide them for all eternity until the next extinction event (note: need to write down prophecy poem about this)
        - Just like how history is, even though Cai may have done this as a good gesture, they may have not done it kindly to some races heheh
- Divine Core
    - Ever since Atrophus, Cai has had descendants for 40 generations across different species. Each descendant have a Divine Core, that when coordinated with 
- FTL technology
    - Started from Delacroix Inc. then was made open-source for all to use & explore the Universe
- Visatrophus
    - A staff that wields the powers of Atrophus. A product created as a side-effect from Aninharle Moon Laboratory. Used by the crew later for something, then destroyed cuz lotr stuff idk

### Rules of Creation
- Interracial marriages are allowed, but the offspring's race will only take one of the parents' race.