---
title: "Lore & design"
subtitle: ""
book: "Stars Stand Still"
permalink: /:categories/:title
layout: default
back: "https://arialhamed.github.io/blogs/novel"
categories: novel stars-stand-still
---

Alright time to shit this out. At least ~6 years of playing Starbound and ~4 years of Frackin Universe, has led me to this.. fanfiction, my OC diarrhea that i birthed from my mind vagina. The start of the story can be found [here](https://arialhamed.github.io/novel/stars-stand-still/001-the-light)

DISCLAIMER: Literally just spoilers

# Lore

- [Races](#races)
- [Main characters](#main-characters)
- [Places](#places)
- [Factions](#factions)
- [Artefacts](#artefacts)
- [Timeline by eras](#timeline-by-eras)
- [Rules of Creation](#rules-of-creation)

## Races
- Characters listed here are when the story starts
- **Fabricants**
    - Origin
        - _An android species_. The Fabricants reated by an unknown ancestor race that existed before humans, meant to predict the future, yet the creators end up destroying themselves due to internal conflict, leading the Fabricants to fend for themselves across the planets set as their creator's sandboxes. Soon, many civilizations either adopt the Fabricants or enslave them due to their adhering & programmable nature. A few Fabricants remain in space, usually hostile. Proficient in flail & blunt weapons.
        - Inspired from The Glitch race from Starbound and Facsimile, Fabricant & Apostles from Clockwork City from TES
    - Resistances: Oxygen-deficit, Poison, Pressure, Radioactive, Flame
    - Weaknesses: Electric, Frost
    - Characters:
        - **_Calibri_**, aka **_Kali_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
        - **_Geneva_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
        - **Sir Tahoma** (deceased): A Fabricant combat unit who broke from the confines of his sandbox and was honorably known in liberated Fabricants for sacrificing their life to fend off the Atrophus from his home planet.
        - **Lato** (story): The last sane Fabricant from Sleipnolt V who <span onclick="this.innerHTML = 'gives the crew a Matrix of Ascension after telling them the tale of Sir Tahoma. She then dies, which triggers the planet to self-destruct'">████</span>
        - **Nimbus** (story): A self-proclaimed warlock hellbent on gaining power (actually weak, crew always beats them up with ease)
        - **Monaco** (story): Geneva's father
        - **Hamed** (deceased): A famed musician
- **Human**
    - Origin:
        - _Homo sapiens_. An intelligent species hailing from Earth, a planet that was the first target of Atrophus. Critically endangered. Few factions exist in Civil Space Colonies scattered around the universe, pledged to procreate in hopes of being a major race again. 
    - Resistances: None
    - Weaknesses: None
    - Characters
        - **Varsha** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
        - **Aljunied** (alive): A miner
        - **Helvetica** & **Roman** (unknown): Adoptive parents of Kali, biological parents of Darien
        - **Darien** (unknown): Adoptive older brother of Kali, eldest son of Helvetica & Roman
        - **Cai** (deceased): The last survivor of Earth, the Champion of Creation, the one who defeated Atrophus
        - **Celeste** (alive): A mountain climber the crew finds on Planet Grazyeli in 
- **Lophiiformi**
    - Origin
        - _A anglerfish humanoid species that can swim in liquid & gas_. A few million years ago, multiple oceanic & gaseuos planets appeared through a wormhole, into a system of an _unusual star_. After some time, The Lophiiformi was born and then soon found a wormhole to the remains of the Solar System after the events of Atrophus. Proficient in claw weaponry
        - Inspired from The Zora from LOZ
    - Resistances: Frost, Pressure
    - Weaknesses: Radioactive, Flame
    - Characters:
        - **_Zorinnethinas_**, aka **_Zorin_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
        - CC Starcaller **Varia** (alive): Kali's mentor
        - **Bahnan** (deceased): Grandfather of Rin (cutscene character)
        - **Varanae** (deceased): Rin's partner
- **Ko'scoria**
    - Origin
        - _A non-newtonian species made out of magma, rock & metal_. A hive-mind of solar beings made out of hydrogen, lives in peace in stars. Millions of individual intelligent beings are released from the star when it dies in high temperature gaseuous state, but only a few hundred survives by colliding with asteroids and few planets that aren't dissolved to gain a solid form, hence becoming the magma-kind, the Ko'scoria. These survivors are often found to be confused & not knowing what just happened to them, but they are quick to adapt to any civilization that takes them if they are ever found. Officially recognized as a species after the death of the Methusaleh Star 
        - Inspired from 
    - Resistances: Flame, Earth, Radioactive, Electric
    - Weaknesses: Frost (but can swim in water)
    - Characters:
        - **_Salkynei_**, aka **_Sal_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
        - **Cotopaxi** (alive): Val's father, who works hard to support him & his daughter as survivors from Methusaleh's expiration
        - **Tambora** (alive): <span onclick="this.innerHTML='Val\'s lover who then turns into a villain due to The Celestial Corruption'">████</span>
        - **Toa** (deceased): Ko'scorian legend
        - **Etna & Loa** (story): [Villains](#main-characters)
- **D'meteri**
    - Origin
        - _A plant-based humanoid species_. Humanoids & mutants made out of plants, originating from the Dendritic System. A common religion is formed around their deity, Plantera. Multiple monarchies of D'meteri has been form in many planets, and adapt to their star's type.
        - Inspired from medieval times
    - Resistances: Water, 
    - Characters:
        - **_Kristeria_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
        - **_Dionscipula_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
        - **Alspruce** (alive): A knight from 
        - **Momil** (alive): A plant-cat, like a pet
- **Vizardians**
    - Origin
        - _Intelligent serpents_. Hailing from the large twin planets Nozardia & Suzardia, the Vizardians escaped the Atrophus' wrath by divine intervention from their patron deity, Gloria. The Vizardians have had multiple wars between the planets, hence all Vizardians are well trained & armed for any military conflict. 
        - Inspiration from Dark Elfs from TES
    - Resistances: Frost
    - Weaknesses: Crystal
    - Characters:
        - **_Hloran_** (alive): A [Main character](#main-characters)
        - **Garvyn** (deceased): A scientist where the crew would find some journal entries about <span onclick="this.innerHTML='their involvement with accidentally creating The Celestial Corruption'">████</span>
- **Rahmantisi**
    - Origin
        - _A humanoid race that uses their hard exterior shell to literally survive with no planet_. Vaguely resembling a more vertical praying mantis, a Rahmantisi is covered with thick, tough & flexible exoskeleton, resistant to the tough forces in zero-G space. They are also able to survive without oxygen.
        - Inspiration from samurai, japanese, weeb shit
    - Resistances: Water, Oxygen-deficit, Frost, Flame, Pressure
    - Weakenesses: Poison
    - Characters:
        - **_Tenohira_**
        - **Deodoru**
        - **Maichan**
        - **Boshiake**
        - **Miraikan**

        <!-- - Origin
            - The direct opposite of Rendraiths, some people believe the Miraikan are angels. Similar in appearance to humans but blessed by the Mother. The Miraikan completely avoided the events of Atrophus and are mostly reclusive. It is rumored that those who leave the Miraikan's home planet peacefully becomes a human with hidden mutations, and those who betray their society of Miraikan are transported through a wormhole then becomes a black hole.
        - Characters:
            - **Moriah**: The crew's first Miraikan they will meet when trying to access their city for a Core. -->
    
## Main characters:
- The Crew
    - Note
        - Here, the ones with the stars represent the main crew. The 9 of each of them represents different divine powers they will have towards the end: Electric, Radioactive, Flame, Frost, Fauna, Cosmic, Blood, Poison, Crystal
        - The crew all become starcallers
    - ☆ Calibri aka **Kali** (she/her)
        - 21yo Fabricant Knight
        - Personality: Calm on the outside, always ruminating in the inside, usually positive but also analytical, sensitive to sound. Loves to eat human food due to her upbringing, though Fabricant food gives her better nutrients.  
        - Power: Physical, Electric (reborn)
        - Facts:
            - Varia's mentee, and learned hand-to-hand combat from her
            - Majored in Technology, Minored in theoretical physics
            - Adopted by humans
            - Spoilers: <span onclick="this.innerHTML='Calibri is actually a human with a Fabricant body, and Helvetica & Roman are actually her biological human parents. She does not remember this at all and believes all her life that she was adopted as a Fabricant. She was killed by cult members of Opus Rogol as a child, but the spirit of Tahoma intervened and was able to save her soul & placed it into her eyes, which are now the only biological part of her. He gives the eyes the body that he has. <br><br>She finds this out way later into the story when Tahoma talks to her and obviously goes through an arc about it, involving a lot of content warning. Don\'t worry, in the end, she finds herself in Tahoma\'s ascended form to fight the Ark of Corruption'">████</span>
    - ☆ Kristeria aka **Kris** (she/they)
        - 20yo D'meteri Artificer
        - Personality: Mischievous, loves pyrotechnic
        - Power: Poison, Flame (reborn)
        - Facts:
            - Same academy as Kali (chemistry & art)
    - ☆ Zorinnethinas aka **Zorin** (he/him)
        - 31yo Lophiiformi Sorcerer
        - Personality: A grizzled man of magic who would rather do missions & research alone for the Cosmic Corps in Bendimare
        - Power: Frost, Radioactive (reborn)
        - Facts:
            - Had a Lophiiformi partner of 5 years named Varanae before they passed away from a wasting disease
        - Inspired from Undertale's Undyne
    - ☆ Salkynei aka **Sal** (she/they)
        - 241yo Ko'scoria Druid
        - Personality: Bright (in the head & literally), while also a curious soul. Usually gullible. 
        - Power: Flame & physical, Frost (reborn)
        - Facts:
            - Birthed from Sirius A
    - ☆ **Hloran** (he/him)
        - 50yo Vizardian Archer
        - Personality: Very frugal, surprisingly good at carpentry, hates the cold as he is prone to sleeping in it.
        - Power: Physical & cosmic, Crystal (reborn)
    - ☆ Dionscipula aka **Dion** (he/him)
        - 20yo D'meteri Necromancer
        - Personality: Emo and unemotional on the outside, has a huge amount of empathy and always finds ways to secretly give his appreciation and care to his loved ones. Not fond of animals
        - Power: Physical & poison, Fauna (reborn)
        - Facts:
            - Same academy as Kali
            - Doesn't like it when people mistake him and Kris as related (how is wisteria & flytraps related)
    - ☆ **Varsha** (she/her)
        - 2723yo Human Vampire
        - Personality: silly
        - Power: Minor vampire magic (immortality, restoration, phasing) & Water, Cosmic (reborn)
        - Facts:
            - A vampire who was a fugitive before the events of Atrophus, and always lived in abandoned places with ease. 
            - After Atrophus, she got a starship license and got into legal bounty hunter work. 
            - Tries to hide the fact that she feels incredibly lonely. 
            - ~~Strongest crew member before <span onclick="this.innerHTML='divination'">████</span>~~ may consider this point due to lack of humans
            - Name means "rain" in Hindi.
        - Inspired from Skyrim's Serana & Metroid's Samus Aran. 
    - ☆ **Geneva** (they/them)
        - 35yo Fabricant Bard
        - Personality: Loves planting & painting, very good with finances
        - Power: Restoration, music & Fauna, Blood magic (reborn)
        - Facts:
            - Abducted by the Opus Rogol Cult at 30yo. They were able to convince them that they're just a fake Fabricant and was not scanned for any Divine Cores
    - ☆ **Tenohira** (he/him)
        - 12yo Rahmantisi Monk
        - Power: Physical, Poison (reborn)

    - Varia (she/her)
        - 45yo Lophiiformi Monk
        - Personality: Cares for her subordinates before herself, loves to make handwritten letters, great sportsmanship, survived multiple attempts at her life
        - Attained second highest rank in the Cosmic Corps and was rumoured to be the next Grand Starcaller before the events of The Dark Hunger
    - Onoda (he/him)
        - 35yo Rahmantisi Knight
        - Personality: Just like Varia, also cares a lot for his subordinates. 
        - Facts:
            - Expert in violin. 
            - Often goes to asteroid-clearing volunteering during his vacations. 
            - Never won against Varia in combat
    - Hatinox (it/its)
        - 100yo Human
        - Officer who was investigating on Varla

<table class="table container wide-responsive" style="background-color:#0003;color:#ddd;font-size:1em;display:block;overflow-x:auto;white-space:nowrap;">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Name (Age)</th>
            <th>Race & Class</th>
            <th>Personality</th>
            <th>Power progression</th>
            <th>Weaponry</th>
            <th>Facts</th>
            <th>Inspiration</th>
            <th>Struggles and resolve</th>
            <th>Music influences</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <th>Calibri <span style="font-size:.75em;">(she/her)</span></th>
            <th>21yo Fabricant Knight</th>
            <th>Calm on the outside, always ruminating in the inside, <br>usually positive but also analytical, sensitive to sound. <br>Loves to eat human food due to her upbringing, <br>though Fabricant food gives her better nutrients.</th>
            <th>Physical ➔ Electricity</th>
            <th>Dual chained keris</th>
            <th><ul><li>Studies in Cosmic Corps' Procyon Academy</li><li>Varia's mentee, learned hand-to-hand combat</li><li>Adopted by humans</li></ul></th>
            <th><ul><li>Design: Optimus Prime from Transformers</li><li>Backstory: Naija from Aquaria</li><li>Weapon: Gyomei Himejima from Demon Slayer</li></ul></th>
            <th>Always feeling out of place, imposter syndrome ➔ Resolved by <span onclick="this.innerHTML='coming to <br>terms with finding out she was actually a human in a <br>Fabricant\'s body, and her adoptive parents are actually <br>her biological parents. Initially when she finds details <br>about her parents on Sleipnotr V, she goes into a deep <br>depression and becomes missing from the crew on the planet, <br>and there\'s like a whole chapter about this. She meets <br>the spirit of Tahoma and more dialogue. She attains <br>Tahoma\'s true form of power along with Tahoma\'s Electric Matrix <br>of Ascension.'">████</span></th>
            <th>"Avalanche" by Bring Me The Horizon - Calibri's <br>difference in the way she perceives her world, and <br>the underlying disorders it comes with</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Kristeria <span style="font-size:.75em;">(she/they)</span></th>
            <th>21yo D'meteri Artificer</th>
            <th>Mischievous, doesn't like her wisteria </th>
            <th>Poison ➔ Flame</th>
            <th>Cannon</th>
            <th><ul><li>Same school as Calibri, also closest friends with</li></ul></th>
            <th><ul><li>Body design: </li><li>Armor design: Alchemist from Torchlight I</li></ul></th>
            <th>Strained relationship with family ➔ Resolved by <span onclick="this.innerHTML='burning her home planet <br>that was corrupted. Before that, she finds her father, Tydrangea, who <br>tells her to fight him to the death before he succumbs to the corruption. <br>She beats him, then in his last breath, tells her this \'Do not forgive <br>me to mend the bridge. No, go forth & fulfil your destiny. Do not go <br>gentle into that good night..\' then he says the Dylan Thomas poem from <br>Interstellar. When he disintegrates, she finds the Flame MoA lodged inside <br>him. She forgives him anyway lol, and also glad that he gets to move on <br>without suffering eternity of Celestial Corruption'">████</span></th>
            <th>"Gasoline" by I Prevail - Read spoiler in struggles & resolve</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Salkynei <span style="font-size:.75em;">(they/them)</span></th>
            <th>221yo Ko'scorian Barbarian</th>
            <th>Resilient, soft-spoken, humble</th>
            <th>Flame ➔ Frost</th>
            <th>2 Claymores, 2 Axes</th>
            <th><ul><li>Born from Sirius A's expiration</li><li>Lives in solitude</li><li>Curious about water</li></ul></th>
            <th><ul><li></li></ul></th>
            <th>Feeling lost in life, drifting with no <br>purpose, feeling like they were made as a mistake</th>
            <th></th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Zorinnethinas <span style="font-size:.75em;">(he/him)</span></th>
            <th>35yo Lophiiformi Sorcerer</th>
            <th></th>
            <th>Frost ➔ Radiation</th>
            <th>Staff</th>
            <th><ul><li></li></ul></th>
            <th><ul><li>Design: Lucien Lachance from TES 4: Oblivion</li></ul></th>
            <th>Lost his partner few years ago from suicide after a miscarriage</th>
            <th>"To The Flowers" by While She Sleeps - Before <br>the events of Stars Stand Still, his life is literally <br>the music video of To The Flowers</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Varsha <span style="font-size:.75em;">(she/her)</span></th>
            <th>3725yo Human Vampire</th>
            <th>Comedic, like a normal human, kind & open-minded</th>
            <th>Blood ➔ Cosmic</th>
            <th>Rapier</th>
            <th><ul><li>Had a criminal record before the events of Atrophus</li><li>Adapted to other races blood for lifeforce as humans become endangered</li></ul></th>
            <th><ul><li>Design: Default skykid from Sky:CotL & Serana from Skyrim</li><li>Backstory: Ashildr from Doctor Who</li></ul></th>
            <th>Isolation for being immortal</th>
            <th></th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Hloran <span style="font-size:.75em;">(he/she/they/them)</span></th>
            <th>24yo Vizardian Assassin</th>
            <th></th>
            <th>Physical ➔ Crystal</th>
            <th>Bow & arrow</th>
            <th><ul><li></li></ul></th>
            <th><ul><li></li></ul></th>
            <th>Grief over the mafia hunting down his family</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Tenohira <span style="font-size:.75em;">(he/they)</span></th>
            <th>14yo Rahmantisi Monk</th>
            <th></th>
            <th>Cosmic ➔ Poison</th>
            <th>None</th>
            <th><ul><li></li></ul></th>
            <th>Grief over his family's death by a Rahmantisi mafia</th>
            <th></th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Dionscipula <span style="font-size:.75em;">(he/they)</span></th>
            <th>22yo D'meteri Monk</th>
            <th></th>
            <th>Poison ➔ Blood</th>
            <th>Spear</th>
            <th><ul><li></li></ul></th>
            <th>Victim of ravishment</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Geneva <span style="font-size:.75em;">(it/its)</span></th>
            <th>50yo Fabricant Bard</th>
            <th></th>
            <th>Electricity ➔ Fauna</th>
            <th>Stratocaster</th>
            <th><ul><li>Former musician, works as electrician in Quark Research Station</li></ul</th>
            <th></th>
            <th>War-related PTSD, also from being kidnapped by Opus Rogol</th>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Villains
- Atrophus (dead)
    - Literally just The Ruin from Starbound but I don't want to risk copyright lmao
    - After it's destruction, a celestial law was quickly established and broadcasted to eradicate any remaining form of The Atrophus. Anyone that is caught withholding any part of The Atrophus, even if it is just one cell, dead or alive, will be punished 
- The Celestial Corruption
    - A space-borne virus that causes madness, cancer, replacement of the mind, and the only cure is cutting off the infected area if it has not entered the bloodstream (at that point you're basically done for). It originates from a laboratory hidden in a frozen moon, with power-hungy, unethical scientists conducting experiments on live specimens of The Atrophus (so it's very illegal)
- Apocalypso
    - A clone of an ancient hero dragon from Tau Ceti
- The Dark Hunger
    - A flying mutant that produces bloody clouds and has multiple-

## Places
- Planets not in stars, or those that are dead
    - Earth: No longer exists, fragments of it are preserved in museums within the Solar System
    - Tau Ceti: Same fate as Earth
- Stars & Planets. Each location here is not exhaustive
    - Procyon, Normal Star (the only real one here)
        - Procyon Colony Stations: Where the some main characters are from
    - Sengkann, Cosmic Star
        - Compassvale Planet: Where Calibri crash lands before The Dark Hunger consumes the entirety of  Procyon
        - Fernvale Planet: Where Calibri meets Varsha the Vampire
    - Blukitimar, Fauna Star
        - Solkomik: Latest home system of the United Vizardian Federation, Vizardian Capital. All planets in Blukitimar are filled with luscious animal life
        - Grazyeli: A small mountain planet where the crew finds Celeste, and learns about exploration
    - Jurronj, Radioactive Star
    - Al-juneti, Crystal Star
        - Barilzar Research Station
    - Yishunova, Blood Star
        - Most planets here are just pools of blood
        - Quark Research Station
        - Thrombenus
            - A warm-blooded moon, where Dion gets his powers
    - Dhobegotte, Electric Star
        - Summerset Planet: A rather peaceful planet, hiding it's machinary underneath the synthetic flora & fauna
        - Sleipnolt Belt
            - Sleipnolt V: A completely cybernetic & metal planet, a great place for resources but highly deadly. Many corpses & skeletons converted to metal, most in states of pain & distress (like Luke from TF4)
    - Bendimare, Frost Star
        - Aninharle Moon: The origin of the Celestial Blight
        - Mannofrost: frozen planet with frozen clouds. The crew comes here to find some hermit for help regarding the element of frost.
    - Tampinaz, Flame Star
        - Arcadia: Kristeria's home planet
    - Woodnorth, Poison Star
        - Krossil: A swamp planet, highly poisonous. Only Kali & Sal could go down and investigate

## Factions
- Cosmic Corps (friendly)
    - Founded in the start of the Diselamat Era
    - Ranks
        - Associate
        - Technician
        - Enforcer
        - Sergeant
        - Lieutenant
        - Vice Regent
        - Regent
        - Executive Regent
        - Protector
        - Exalted Protector
        - Starcaller
        - Grand Starcaller
    - Cosmic Corps Academy
        - The Cosmic Corps' school to directly recruit 
- Opus Atrophia, aka Cult of Corruption
    - A cult that's only about 50 yo, originated from Aninharle Moon, driven to madness due to their exposure to a manufactured virus. In the end it made them even hungrier, especially for power. 
    - Ranks
        - Hireling
        - Thrall
        - Muscle Thrall
        - Magister
        - Defiler
        - Starkiller
        - Oracle
        - Scion of Corruption
    - Spoilers: <span onclick="this.innerHTML='It was originally ordered by a former Grand Starcaller in an attempt to destroy vices in all sentient creatures, a way of controlling over the races.'">████</span>
- Opus Stupri (hostile)
    - A human purist cult that forces humans to reproduce
    - Very racist
- Koroli Stali (neutral)
    - Inspired from the Brotherhood of Steel from Fallout
    - A group of mixed races, all but Fabricants, obsessed with using technology & augmentations to replace parts of their bodies to live forever. They have a hive mind. 
    - In the story, the crew's saw them on  
- Galactic Union (friendly)
- Antediluvian Crusaders (neutral)
    - A faction mostly consisting of Lophiiformi groups that fight for clean ocean planets and converts unused and barren planets to be new Lophiiformi homes (ocean planets)
- 

## Artefacts
- Matrix of Ascension
    - A relic long forgotten, the secret power behind the Cai's ability to destroy the Atrophus. Before Cai's death, Cai has split the relic into 9 different pieces, and went across Creation hiding those in multiple different planets, commissioning the different races to hide them for all eternity until the next extinction event (note: need to write down prophecy poem about this)
        - Just like how history is, even though Cai may have done this as a good gesture on paper, they may have not done it kindly in practice to some races heheh
- Divine Core
    - Ever since Atrophus, Cai has had descendants for 40 generations across different species. Each descendant have a Divine Core, that when coordinated with 
- FTL technology
    - Started from Delacroix Inc. then was made open-source for all to use & explore the Universe
- Visatrophus
    - A staff that wields the powers of Atrophus. A side-product created from Aninharle Moon Laboratory. Used by the crew later for something, then destroyed cuz lotr stuff idk

## Timeline by Eras
- _Cenozoic Era_: Literally our era
- _Epotheozoic Era_: When we started to go out of the Solar System and met other races across Creation
- _Mortemneoxenoic Era_: When all races started to fight each other in conflicts (Atrophus appears towards the end of this era)
- _Ereptumxenoic Era_: Starts when Atrophus is defeated, the events of the story occurs towards the end of this era.
- _Kalayaaxenoic Era_: Starts when the story ends.

## Rules of Creation
- Interracial marriages are allowed, but the offspring's race will only take one of the parents' race.

## Music Inspirations
- Individuals:
    - "Gasoline" by I Prevail - Kris' theme, 
    - "Monster" by Skillet - Dion's theme, fighting his feelings of rage & resentment towards himself
    - "The Purge Event" by METAROOM - A strange occurance during of the crew's FTL flights. Maybe possessed bandits invade their starship during FTL transit
    - "Avalanche" by Bring Me The Horizon - Kali's theme, for feeling like something isn't right, and that they're not meant for this world
- Specific areas:
    - "Heavy Light" from Animusic - Ancient ruins boss or dungeon music
    - "Dearest Hue" from the game Hue's OST - Maybe like the title screen
- Ambience:
    - All of Aquaria's OST by Alec Holowka - The journey across Creation
    - Divination
        - Kris - Title theme from Real Heros Firefighter OST
