---
title: "The Light"
subtitle: ""
book: "Stars Stand Still"
permalink: /:categories/:title
layout: default
back: "https://arialhamed.github.io/blogs/novel"
categories: novel stars-stand-still
---

The Light shines throughout Creation, through each planet & galaxy, through every living being.  
The Light binds us all as one.  
The Light binds us, narrator & explorer.  
My story will become your own, and yours will become mine.  
You will live my life through my eyes..  
and you will learn the truth.

## Chapter 1: The Light

A millenia has passed ever since the deaths of our birth planets & galaxies were brought to past, whether be it by internal suffering, cosmic fate or by the hands of Atrophus. Many civilizations stood tall and flourished among the wars across the universe, yet most were destined to fall. Even in the midst of wars in the past, the greatest of our kinds has brought forth the greatest achievements for all life to enjoy, whether be it the FTL engine, the discovery of magicka, unlocking the powers of the Ancients, and so much more. Atrophus, the world-devourer, was slain by the last survivor of Earth. Many worlds across the galaxies came together to become one to celebrate. They continued to do so, expanding forth to new galaxies, hence our lives & fortunes are forever intertwined for generations & generations to come.

Fragments of The Atrophus were thrown across Creation, still alive & deadly. The Atrophus was not a planet-sized threat, it was actually large enough to consume a normal star with ease. The remaining fragments were still a threat across all Stars. Hence, The Cosmic Corps were formed by Cai, the last survivor of Earth, the Champion of Creation & the first Grand Starcaller. The Cosmic Corps' purpose are to educate & enable their students to uphold justice in the universe, fight against any space-borne illness, and to communicate with The Stars for power. The Cosmic Corps has had many great Starcallers who could get advice from The Stars for advice & power. Within the Starcallers, only one is destined per generation to be able to get Celestial Prophecies from The Stars. The rest of the ranks in The Cosmic Corps is typical to that of a normal human military or global company. However, achieving the rank of Starcaller is tough & rigorous, where successful applicants would have to go through the most arduous, demanding & strenuous trials across different numerous stars, something like a pilgrimage, while also strictly adhering to multiple decrees. Only the Grand Starcaller can determine which potential applicant has done their trials truthfully & successfully. Hence, the Order of Starcallers are the most revered & respected nobility across Creation, almost like royalty.

To be frank, I thought I was born too late to see the universe. My name is **Calibri Quark**, and I was going to graduate from The Cosmic Corps Academy. I did not have much aspirations for my life. I don't wanna be a Starcaller, I just wanted to make the world run to sustain myself & my family. My life was average here in Procyon Colony Station IV. I lived my whole life as a casual Fabricant humanoid, adopted by humans. I had average physical abilities, and mostly average grades besides technology. I did not have many friends in the Academy besides a few short-lived ones that I had to do group projects with, although I do have some whom I keep close. I am seen as different from my peers, especially amongst other Fabricants. 

One day, I left my dormitory in the middle of night, the night before my graduation. Somehow, in my own dreams, I felt something. Something was not right. My entire life, I did not have big dreams or great aspirations to change the world, but there was something behind my eyes, an unexplainable itch, like something was calling out to me but I'm only getting static. I needed to clear my head. 

In my efforts of elleviating this emotion, I end up feeling something that goes beyond what my mind & heart could comprehend. I walked around the void decks of the dormitories, pacing back & forth. What was this feeling? I decided to visit the colony's synthetic lake. I knew I was awakened before. I knew that there is life beyond the confines of a small compound & hard labour. Was I being awakened again? I looked upon the stars, desperately searching for an answer. This was not the first time I found myself like this. I dared not to reveal myself like this in fear of being scrapped or suspected as having some disease of madness.

Then, I saw a figure made of pure light stood at the other side of the rails I was usually on. It looked humanoid in nature, with no outstanding details, and it too was staring into the stars like me. I would've been scared out of my head and ran away, since it was so unnatural to me. However, there was a peace when I saw the figure, a mix of peace & anxiety in my soul. As I approached it, my emotions fought for dominance. My mind races through each cultural & historical textbook that I've ever read, but none prevail relating to this phenomenon. Without hesitation, it motioned itself to a stance, as if looking at me and reaching out for my hand. I reach out for it's hand, and held it.