---
title: "Concepts & probably some art"
subtitle: ""
book: "Stars Stand Still"
permalink: /blogs/stars-stand-still/:title
layout: default
back: "https://Helveticahamed.github.io/blogs/novel"
categories: novel
seq_type: review
source_link: 
---

Alright time to shit this out. At least ~6 years of playing Starbound and ~4 years of Frackin Universe, has led me to this.. fanfiction, OC diarrhea that i birthed from my mind vagina. The start of the story can be found [here](https://arialhamed.github.io/blogs/stars-stand-still/001-dawn-of-the-nine)

### Concepts
- Characters listed here are when the story starts
- Races
    - **Fabricants**
        - Origin
            - _An android species_. The Fabricants reated by an unknown ancestor race that existed before humans, meant to predict the future, yet the creators end up destroying themselves due to internal conflict, leading the Fabricants to fend for themselves across the planets set as their creator's sandboxes. Soon, many civilizations either adopt the Fabricants or enslave them due to their adhering & programmable nature. A few Fabricants remain in space, usually hostile. 
        - Resistances: Oxygen-deficit, Poison, Pressure, Radiation, Flame
        - Weaknesses: Electric
        - Characters:
            - **_Calibri_**, aka **_Kali_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
            - **Geneva** (unknown): Kali's childhood friend
            - **Sir Tahoma** (deceased): A Fabricant warrior who broke from the confines of his sandbox and was honorably known in liberated Fabricants for sacrificing their life to fend off the Atrophus from his home planet.
            - **Lato** (story): The last sane Fabricant from Sleipnolr V who <span onclick="this.innerHTML = 'gives the crew a Core of Ascension after telling them the tale of Sir Tahoma. She then dies, which triggers the planet to self-destruct'"><em>&lt;spoilers&gt;</em></span>
            - **Nimbus** (story): A warlock hellbent on gaining power (actually weak, crew spares them usually)
    - **Selachi**
        - Origin
            - _A sharkfolk species that can swim in liquid & gas_. A few million years ago, multiple oceanic & gaseuos planets appeared through a wormhole, into a system of an _unusual star_. After some time, The Selachi was born and then soon found a wormhole to the Solar System after the events of Atrophus. 
        - Resistances: Frost, Pressure
        - Weaknesses: Radiation, Flame
        - Characters:
            - **_Zorinnethinan_**, aka **_Rin_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
            - **Bahnan** (deceased): Grandfather of Rin (cutscene character)
            - **Varanae** (unknown): Rin's partner
    - **Ko'scoria**
        - Origin
            - _A non-newtonian species made out of magma, rock & metal_. A hive-mind of solar beings made out of hydrogen, lives in peace in stars. Millions of individual intelligent beings are released from the star when it dies in high temperature gaseuous state, but only a few hundred survives by colliding with asteroids and few planets that aren't dissolved to gain a solid form, hence becoming the magma-kind, the Ko'scoria. These survivors are known to be confused & not knowing what just happened to them, but they are quick to adapt to
        - Resistances: Flame, Earth, Radiation, Electric
        - Weaknesses: Frost (but can swim in water)
        - Characters:
            - **_Valekyne_**, aka **_Val_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
            - **Cotopaxi** (alive): Val's father, who works hard to support him & his daughter as a survivor from Methusaleh's expiration
            - **Tambora** (alive): <span onclick="this.innerHTML='Val\'s lover who then turns into a villain due to The Celestial Corruption'"><em>&lt;spoilers&gt;</em></span>
    - **D'metra**
        - Origin
            - _A plant-based humanoid species_. Humanoids & mutants made out of plants, originating from the Dendritic Galaxy. A common religion is formed around their deity, Plantera. 
        - Characters:
            - **_Akhila_** (alive): [Main character](#main-characters)
            - **Gurabol** (alive): A retired warchief
    - **Vizardians**
        - Origin
            - _Reptilian humanoids_. Hailing from the large twin planets Vizardia & Alzardia, the Vizardians escaped the Atrophus' wrath by divine intervention from their patron deity, Gloria. The Vizardians have had multiple wars between the planets, hence all Vizardians are well trained & armed for any military conflict. 
        - Characters:
            - **_Jjarvild_** (alive):
            - **Hloran** (deceased): A scientist where the crew would find some journal entries about <span onclick="this.innerHTML='their involvement with accidentally creating The Celestial Corruption'"><em>&lt;spoilers&gt;</em></span>
    - **Rendraiths**
        - Origin
            - _A shadow of solid & humanoid form_. The ones that choose to communicate with a 
    - **Miraikan**
        - Origin
            - The direct opposite of Rendraiths, some people believe the Miraikan are angels. Similar in appearance to humans but blessed by the Mother. The Miraikan completely avoided the events of Atrophus and are mostly reclusive. It is rumored that those who leave the Miraikan's home planet peacefully becomes a human with hidden mutations, and those who betray their society of Miraikan becomes a Rendraith.
        - 
    - **Human**
        - Critically endangered
        - Few factions exist in 
        - Other few factions that are mostly stuck in space are known to have been driven to madness due to the Atrophus, even though it is long gone
        - Characters
            - **Helvetica** & **Roman** (unknown): Adoptive parents of Kali, parents of Darien
            - **Darien** (unknown): Adoptive brother of Kali, son of Helvetica & Roman
            - CC Lieutenant **Varia** (alive): Coordinator of emergencies, who enabled most of the Cosmic Corps to escape The 
    - 
- Planets
    - Earth: No longer exists, fragments of it are preserved in museums within the Solar System (the Sun is still alive)
    - Dorian Space Station: Where the main characters were from.
    - Arcadi: A planet 4x larger than Earth, but untouched by human industrialization 
    - Akrossi: A swamp planet, highly poisonous
    - Sleipnolr V: A completely cybernetic & metal planet, a great place for resources but highly deadly. Many corpses & skeletons converted to metal, most in states of pain & distress. Essential to the crew as it contains 
    - Mannofrost
        - A frozen planet with frozen clouds. The crew comes here to find some hermit for help regarding the element of frost.
### Main characters:
- Kali (she/her)
    - Fabricant, adopted by humans
    - Personality: Calm on the outside, always silly in the inside, usually positive but also analytical, sensitive to sound. Loves to eat human food due to her upbringing, though Fabricant food gives her better nutrients. Minored in Fabricant surgery in her time in Cosmic Corps Academy. 
    - <span onclick="this.innerHTML='Kali is actually a human with a Fabricant body, and Helvetica & Roman are actually her biological human parents. She does not remember this at all and believes all her life that she was adopted as a Fabricant. She was killed by cult members of Gigas as a child, but the spirit of Tahoma intervened and was able to save her soul & placed it into her eyes, which are now the only biological part of her. He gives the eyes the body that he has. <br><br>She finds this out way later into the story when Tahoma talks to her and obviously goes through an arc about it, involving feelings of anxiety, suicide, self-harm, regret and more. In the end, she finds herself in Tahoma\'s form of pure power to fight the Manifest of Celestial Corruption'"><b>Click here for major spoilers</b></span>
    - Weapons:
        - Start: Electric Wand
        - End: Electrified Chain Keris & Hammer, and high-calibre pistol
- Val (they/them)
    - Ko'scoria, birthed from Methuselah Star
    - Personality: Bright, in the head & literally, while also a curious soul. Usually gullible to concepts foreign to her
### Bad bois
- Atrophus (dead)
    - Literally just The Ruin from Starbound but I don't want to risk copyright lmao
    - After it's destruction, a celestial law was quickly established and broadcasted to eradicate any remaining form of The Atrophus. Anyone that is caught withholding any part of The Atrophus, even if it is just one cell, will be brought to proper consequences
- The Celestial Corruption
    - A space-borne virus that causes madness, cancer, replacement of the mind, and the only cure is cutting off the infected area if it has not entered the bloodstream (at that point you're basically done for). It originates from a laboratory hidden in a frozen moon, with power-hungy, unethical scientists conducting experiments on live specimens of The Atrophus (so it's very illegal)
- Ashkore
    - A legendary dragon from a distant planet. 